Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics

Tell me about Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics

MPT or Master of Physiotherapy (Paediatrics) is a specialised postgraduate programme designed to equip students with advanced knowledge and skills in the field of paediatric physiotherapy

. The programme spans two years, divided into four semesters, and covers a comprehensive syllabus that includes advanced paediatric assessment, neurophysiotherapy, developmental disorders, and hands-on clinical training. To be eligible for Master of Physiotherapy (Paediatrics) programme

, candidates must hold a Bachelor’s Degree in Physiotherapy or a related discipline. Master of Physiotherapy (Paediatrics) Graduates can pursue careers in various settings, including hospitals, rehabilitation centers, private clinics, research, and academia, specialising in the treatment and management of physical conditions in children.

What is the duration of Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics?

2.0 Years

What is the page URL of Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics?

https://www.tmu.ac.in/programme/mpt-or-Master-of-physiotherapy-Paediatrics

What scholarships are available for Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics?

Scholarship for Jain Students:

Scholarship for Jain Students:


All Jain students will be given upto 20% exemption in tuition fees and upto 30% in hostels fees for
                    the entire duration of the programme.
Multiple scholarships will not be available.

Scholarship for Non Jain Students:
Chancellor’s Scholarship for Staff Wards
For all Programmes except Collaborative, Dental and Medical 20% per Year
Special Scholarship for Meritorious Sports Aspirant of
                    District/State/National Level/International Level
Upto 100%
Discount in tuition fee shall be given to the siblings of students

studying/seeking admission in the
                    University with the condition that it will be given to the sibling whose fee is lesser and it
                    shall be
                    applicable on first year tuition fee and not on subsequent years
Upto 10%
Other Scholarship

Scholarship on case to case basis to differently-abled students will be given for entire
                        programme. The amount of scholarship shall be such as based upon the level of disability which
                        shall be decided on the basis of certificate of disability (obtained from District Hospital)

being produced. The details of scholarship shall be shared subsequently once decided by the
                        committee constituted for the purpose.
Multiple scholarship will not be available.

Remarks: Scholarships are available in the admission Year
            only. These rules are not applicable on programmes of one year or less than one year duration & Multiple
            scholarships will not be available.

Which college offers Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics?

Department of Physiotherapy

Is Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics a UG or PG programme?

PG

PG

What is the fee structure for Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics?

Tuition Fee (Semester): Rs. 43200

Examination Fee (Semester): Rs. 5000

Lab Charges (Year): Rs. 1000

Admission Registration Fee (One Time): Rs. 5000

Admission Processing Fee (One Time): Rs. 2500

Application Fees (One Time): Rs. 1000

What is the eligibility for Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics?

B.Sc. (PT) / BPT / BPT through Bridge Course or through Lateral Entry with minimum 50% of marks in aggregate and minimum of 6 months of compulsory rotatory internship in Physiotherapy

Frequently Asked Questions about Master of Physiotherapy (MPT) in Paediatrics

No FAQs available.

