MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology

Tell me about MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology

MS stands for Master of Science and MS in Obstetrics & Gynecology (OBGY) is offered by the Medical College & Research Centre, Teerthanker Mahaveer University.MS in Obstetrics & Gynaecology is a three-year postgraduation course

. Obstetrics and gynaecology (or obstetrics and gynecology; often abbreviated to OB/GYN, OBG, O&G is the medical specialty dealing with fields of obstetrics and gynaecology through only one postgraduate training program. This combined training prepares the practicing OB/GYN to be adept at the care of female reproductive organs health and management of obstetric complications, even through surgery

. The program provides adequate knowledge in clinical acumen, procedural skills and attitudes which will enable him/her to manage pregnancy and its complications, manage disorders affecting the female genital tract and problems in relation to human reproduction

. The candidates with a MBBS degree from a recognized institute, who have registered permanently with Medical Council of India or any other State Medical Councils, are eligible for this course.

What is the duration of MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology?

3.0 Years

What is the page URL of MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology?

https://www.tmu.ac.in/programme/ms-obstetrics-and-gynaecology

What scholarships are available for MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology?

nan

nan

Which college offers MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology?

Medical College & Research Centre

Is MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology a UG or PG programme?

PG

What is the fee structure for MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology?

Lab Charges (Year): Rs. 1000

Convocation Charges (Payment Schedule): Rs. 2500

Alumni Charges (One Time): Rs. 500

Alumni Charges (One Time): Rs. 500

What is the eligibility for MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology?

MBBS

Frequently Asked Questions about MS (Master of Science) in Obstetrics and Gynaecology

No FAQs available.

